Hiero prep migration (#1153)
hiero-ledger/hiero-improvement-proposals: HIP/hip-15.md

checksum = cp, written as 5 digits in base 26, using a-z
```

> The checksum is a function of the ledger ID, so that the same address will have different checksums if it is on different ledgers. Cryptographically secure ledger IDs will be implemented as part of state proofs. Please reference [HIP-198](https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-improvement-proposal/blob/main/HIP/hip-198.md) for the latest information regarding ledger IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The checksum is a function of the ledger ID, so that the same address will have different checksums if it is on different ledgers. Cryptographically secure ledger IDs will be implemented as part of state proofs. Please reference [HIP-198](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-improvement-proposals/blob/main/HIP/hip-198.md) for the latest information regarding ledger IDs.
```
